Metadata: Metadata: 

Title: "CrewAI: A Framework for Creating AI Agents"
Author: John R Williams
Date: N/A
Keywords: CrewAI, AI agents, expertise, instructions, complex problem, OpenAI, trip planner, weather, art galleries, cricket, city expert, cost of travel, itinerary, leisure day, departure, London, July
Summary: In this text, John R Williams introduces the concept of CrewAI, a framework for creating AI agents with different areas of expertise and

So at this point you might be wondering what is CrewAI and what can it do? Well, at its high level, CrewAI is a framework that allows us to create AI agents where each agent has its own expertise and set of instructions. And together these agents will work towards solving one large complex problem. For example, we can use CrewAI for tasks like helping us pick stocks, planning vacations, building Python games, and much more. Hi. So I've downloaded CrewAI and I'm going to go through this trip planner. I've compiled it and so let's go to our terminal prompt here and we'll set off main. And it's going to ask us about what kind of trip. Now we'll be pinging. In our case we're going to use OpenAI's API. Okay. So we're going to be travelling from, let's say, Boston, USA. And let's say London and Paris. Let's just have those as the possible cities. And what's the date range? Let's go in, let's say, July. And what have we got high level interests in and hobbies? So I'm going to put 'dancing' and let's say 'art galleries'. And maybe I'm interested in cricket. Okay. This is now going to execute. So it's already going out and getting the weather in London in July. So this is now going through reflection here, thought and action. So again, it's going to search the Internet and this time is weather in Paris. So it's getting the weather data in Paris. So action, search the Internet again. So it's looking now for art galleries and events. So again, search the Internet to provide specific information. And this is delegating work to a co-worker here, local expert in the city. So this is calling the city expert. So here, we need to gather information about dance events in London in July, etc. So you can see this is very thorough. This is a very exciting tool and you can see how it can plan out for you. Again, it's going, let me scroll to the end and find out what stage it's at, but it's certainly gathering a lot of information. So it's finished the chain and it says in July Paris, the whole events, Carnival, Tropical, to Paris. So there's a lot of events going on in Paris and the art galleries and it's cricket. It doesn't really have it. So. Cricket is less popular. So now it's still going to go back. It hasn't decided yet. It's going to enter a new chain here. Cost of travel, Boston, London. So it's now detailing that. This is quite amazing. I'm sure most of you travel and it takes a long time to try to plan these kind of trips. So this is providing a lot of information. So let's skip to the very end. And it's decided to take us to London, probably because I put the cricket in there. So here is the trip plan. It's a seven day itinerary for London in July 24. Day one. Day two. Day three. Four, five. Six days chosen leisure day and departure, etc. And here's the cost. And enjoy your trip to London. This is an amazing tool and I can see that we're going to be making a lot of use of it. OK. Bye for now. Hello.